welcome to video culinary this is my
grandma Emma ah
I am Daniela and today we're making
French baguette make the fermentation
starter 6 215 grams the flour into a
bowl add 1/8 of a teaspoon of instant
dry yeast a pinch of salt and 170
milliliters of warm water the
temperature of the water should be 32 to
35 degrees Celsius mix the combine and
cover with plastic wrap set aside for 12
to 16 hours after 12 hours place 750
grams of flour in the bowl of a stand
mixer and 3 teaspoons of salt 2 and a
half teaspoons of instant dry and mix
mixing on low speed at 500 milliliters
of warm water the temperature of the
water should be 32 to 35 degrees filter
or 90 degrees Fahrenheit as the dough is
coming together add the fermentation
starter in chunks knead for about 5
minutes the dough should be moderately
loose
transfer the dough to a bowl cover with
plastic wrap and set aside at room
temperature for one to one and a half
hours the dough should increase in
volume by four to five times gently
spread the dough onto a floured surface
take one third of each side and fold it
towards the center brushing away any raw
flour folding the zoo increases the
strength and elasticity of the dough
return the dough to the bowl seam side
down cover with plastic wrap and let
rise for one hour
we love baking bread and have many
recipes on our website visit
videoculinary.com to find italian
ciabatta bread Fran treeoche Middle
Eastern pita bread and more recipes
likely flour your working surface and
hands divide the dough into five six
equal parts depending on the size of the
loaf you want usually the length of the
baguette should be 60 to 65 centimetres
and four to six centimetres wide we made
six baguettes of about 50 centimetres
long and four centimetres wide
pray shape the dough lightly roll each
piece of dough into a log tucking the
edges in and set aside now work with a
piece of dough you rolled first use one
hand to fold the further away from you
edge into the middle push it down with
the heel of your other hand turn the
bill around and repeat the folding twice
[Music]
roll the baguette into the desired
length transfer to a baking sheet lined
with parchment paper and cover with a
towel
[Music]
lightly spray the towel with water to
avoid formation of a crust on the
surface of the biggest and set aside to
cool for one hour
after an hour very carefully use a razor
blade to score the baguettes make long
cuts almost parallel to the long side of
the loaf bake in a preheated oven to 240
degree Celsius for approximately 20
minutes until golden brown if your oven
has a steam option pre seal it and load
with steam for the first few minutes of
baking if not spray the oven with water
when placing in the bread ever guests
should have a crisp crust a creamy
aromatic rum and lots of random psycho
remove the baguette from the oven and
cool on a rack this delicious real
French baguette is ready to serve as you
can see one baguette did not make it to
the final photo we just couldn't help
ourselves thank you so much for your
unity please a perfectly possible
eternity you have time bye bye bye
you